Let's start by configuring a simple Agent using Vector. This will give us the know-how to move on to
some more advanced use cases.

Let's start by running Vector:

```
vector \
  --config-dir /etc/vector/first-pipeline \
  --watch-config vector.toml
```{{execute}}

This command initially throws an error telling us that we need to have a
**source** and a **sink** specified. No source, no sink, no Vector. But don't
fret! Let's fix that by updating our Vector configuration.

First, let's hop over into our IDE. Our initial Vector config file is at
`first-pipeline/vector.toml`.

Add a [`generator`][generator] source:

<pre class="file" data-filename="first-pipeline/vector.toml" data-target="insert" data-marker="#insert-source">[sources.random_json_logs]
type = "generator" # Use Vector's internal generator
format = "json"    # Emit random JSON logs (other options: "syslog", "apache_common", etc.)
interval = 1       # Emit 1 log message per second</pre>

Then add a [`remap`][remap] transform for handling those generated log messages:

<pre class="file" data-filename="first-pipeline/vector.toml" data-target="insert" data-marker="#insert-transform">[transforms.handle]
type = "remap"                # This transform lets us use Vector Remap Language
inputs = ["random_json_logs"] # Tells our transform where to listen for input

# Our first VRL program
source = '''
.
'''</pre>

And finally, add a [`console`][console] sink that outputs the results of the
`random_json_logs` source piped through the `handle` transform:

<pre class="file" data-filename="first-pipeline/vector.toml" data-target="insert" data-marker="#insert-sink">[sinks.cli_out]
type = "console"              # Send output to our console
inputs = ["handle"]           # Listen for events on the `handle` component
target = "stdout"             # Versus stderr
encoding = { codec = "json" } # Output to the console as JSON</pre>

With a simple pipeline now configured, restart Vector:

```
vector \
  --config-dir /etc/vector/first-pipeline \
  --watch-config vector.toml
```{{execute}}

Now let's go back to our terminal to see the log output.

**Success**! Our pipeline is now emitting logs into our console.

## Log schema

As we can see from the log output, the default log schema in Vector looks like this:

```json
{
  "message": "<string>",
  "timestamp": "<rfc3339 timestamp>"
}
```

The `message` field in our messages is a JSON-encoded string, which we can't really *do* much with.
Let's use VRL's [`parse_json`][parse_json] function to convert that into an object.

Copy this snippet and replace the `source` field of the `handle` transform with it (basically replace the `.`):

```
. = parse_json!(.message)
```{{copy}}

The `handle` transform should now look like this:

```toml
[transforms.handle]
type = "remap"
inputs = ["random_json_logs"]
source = '''
. = parse_json!(.message)
'''
```

Now our log messages are being converted into *structured objects*.

**Success**! We just built a Vector pipeline. Along the way, we got a taste of [Vector Remap
Language][vrl] (VRL) and of how Vector configuration works. We'll dive more deeply into VRL in the
next section.

## Exercise

You can use dot syntax to add assign values to fields in each log event, like this:

```
.my_field = "my_value"
```

Update the VRL program to add a field of your choosing. Save your changes and go back to the Terminal window to see the
log output change. Once you've done that, click **Continue**.

[console]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks/console
[generator]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sources/generator
[parse_json]: https://vrl.dev/functions/#parse_json
[remap]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/transforms/remap
[sinks]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sinks
[sources]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/sources
[transforms]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/transforms
[vrl]: https://vrl.dev