Reliability in production environments is one of the core goals of Vector, and thus **error
handling** is an extremely important concept in VRL. Some VRL functions are **infallible**, which
means that they can't fail. Two examples:

```
.id = uuid_v4()
.timestamp = now()
```{{execute}}

But many functions are **fallible**, which means that they may throw errors. **All errors in VRL
must be handled** or else your VRL programs don't compile. There are three ways to handle
errors in VRL functions that you can use to fit your needs.

## Assignment

Here, the value is null because the operation fails:

```
parsed, err = parse_json("{\"hello\":\"world}")
```{{execute}}

Here, the error is null because the operation succeeds:

```
parsed_json, err = parse_json("{\"hello\":\"world\"}")
```{{execute}}

> **Useful when**: you want to do something with the error, like log it.

## Coalescence

You can **coalesce** errors by assiging a fallback value if a function errors:

```
string_value =  "{\"hello\":\"world}"

result = parse_json(json_string) ?? {}
```{{execute}}

You can also chain multiple coalesce expressions together:

```
string_value = "{\"hello\":\"world\"}"

result = parse_syslog(string_value) ?? parse_json(string_value) ?? {}
```{{execute}}

## Raising

You can **raise** errors using a bang (`!`):

```
parse_json!("{\"hello\":\"world\"}")
```{{execute}}

If you use this method and the operation fails, then the program aborts and the event is dropped
(and thus not passed on through the pipeline). This is by far the **least robust** method of
handling errors.

## Best practices

In the upcoming scenarios we'll only raise errors because it makes things a bit easier for the
workshop. But in production environments I strongly recommend using one of the other, more robust
methods.