Once we've gotten a taste of the language in the REPL, let's work with some more realistic
observability events:

```
vector vrl --input /etc/vector/vrl/events.jsonl
```{{execute interrupt}}

Run `.`{{execute}} to see the first event.

## Events

### Syslog log event

The first event is in [Syslog] format. Let's parse that into an object using the
[`parse_syslog`][parse_syslog] function and make some other changes:

```
. = parse_syslog!(.message)

.id = uuid_v4()
.tags.user = get_env_var!("USER")
```{{execute}}

Run `.`{{execute}} to see the new event. You can see that the Syslog-formatted string has been
converted into a structured object and that some new fields have been added.

Click `next`{{execute}} to bring up the next example event.

### Apache Common log event

The second event is in a format called [Apache Common]. Let's parse that into an object using
the [`parse_apache_log`][parse_apache_log] function.

```
. = parse_apache_log!(.message, format: "common")
```{{execute}}

As you can see, the formatted string has been successfully converted into a structured object.
Let's make some modifications:

```
del(.host)
del(.size)
format_timestamp!(.timestamp, format: "%Y-%m-%d %r")
```{{execute}}

### Metric event

The third and final event is a metric event. If you run `.`{{execute}} you can see that this is a
**counter** metric with a value of 102. In VRL, you never change the value of a metric event (in fact,
it's forbidden) but you *can* do things like modify the metadata. Here's an example:

```
.tags.host = get_hostname!()
```{{execute}}

## Concluding VRL

**Success**! We've successfully modified multiple events using VRL. Let's exit the VRL REPL by
running `exit`{{execute}}. We're now ready to work with a Vector Aggregator!

[apache common]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Log_Format
[parse_apache_log]: https://vrl.dev/functions/#parse_apache_log
[parse_syslog]: https://vrl.dev/functions/#syslog
[syslog]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syslog