Let's move over to the Datadog Agents in our pipeline. They're forwarding transaction logs to our
Aggregator. Those logs have this structure:

```json
{
  "transaction": {
    "id": "<uuid>",
    "type": "<purchase | cancel | return>",
    "credit_card": {
      "type": "<visa | mastercard | amex>",
      "number": "<credit card number>"
    }
  },
  "email": "<user email>",
  "timestamp": "<now>"
}
```

The problem with these logs is that they contain information that we do *not* want to store.
Information like credit card numbers and email addresses can be useful in *some* scenarios, of
course, but in observability contexts it's usually better to make sure that Personal Identifying
Information (PII) is removed as early in the data pipeline as possible. So let's configure our
Aggregator to **redact** sensitive information.

VRL has a [`redact`][redact] function that we can use for that. This function enables us to
supply patterns to look for in the values of our event and if the patterns match the value, the
value is replaced with `[REDACTED]`. Let's copy this transform into our config:

```
[transforms.redact_pii]
type = "remap"
inputs = ["datadog_agents"]
source = '''
. = parse_json!(.message)

. = redact(., filters: [
  r'^\d{16}$',
  r'^(\w+)@(\w+).(\w+)$'
])
'''
```{{copy}}

> **Note** we need to copy this because the regular expressions interfere with the copy functionality
> of our workshop environment.

Here, our `redact` transform listens for events coming from our Datadog Agents and runs the `redact`
function on the whole event, redacting *any* value in the event, no matter how deeply nested. There
are two filters at work in our example:

* A regex for email addresses: `r'^(\w+)@(\w+).(\w+)$'`
* A regex for credit card numbers: `r'^\d{16}$'`

> **Note**: these regular expressions are for demo purposes. Redaction in production
> environments typically requires more robust regexes.

Let's restart our aggregator using `make restart-aggregator`{{execute interrupt}} and eavesdrop on our
redaction transform using `vector tap redact_pii`{{execute}}.

**Success**! User email addresses and credit card numbers are now redacted in log messages, which
means that we're protecting our users by not storing their information in any of our sinks.

[redact]: https://vrl.dev/functions/#redact