Right now, all of our events are still going through the `blackhole` sink—that is, they're going
nowhere fast. But now that we're enriching and redacting our log messages, it's a good time to start
thinking about **sinks**, i.e. where we're going to send those messages.

What we want to do is send *all* of our logs to an AWS S3 bucket. But we do *not* want to send all
of our logs to Datadog, only some of them. More specifically, we want to send only these logs to
Datadog:

1. For our IoT device logs, we only want to send logs to Datadog when the battery level is critical,
  as we need to use Datadog to set up alerts that tell us when specific devices are about to meet a
  grim end.
2. For our transaction logs, events that have a `.transaction.type` of either `cancel` or `return`, as we
  need to closely analyze those. `purchase` transactions are less problematic, so we can analyze
  those later if we need to.

We can use Vector's [`route`][route] transform to achieve this. The `route` transform enables us to
split one stream of logs into multiple streams. Once we have separate streams, we can send the
different streams off to different sinks.

This `route` transform will do the job for us:

<pre class="file" data-filename="aggregator/vector/aggregator/vector.toml" data-target="insert" data-marker="#insert-route-transform">[transforms.route_logs]
type = "route"
inputs = ["enrich_iot_logs", "redact_pii"]

[transforms.route_logs.route]
high_value_logs = 'includes(["cancel", "return"], .transaction.type) || .message == "device battery critical"'
all_logs = 'true'</pre>

You may have noticed something: we're using VRL to define our routes! In Vector, you route by
specifying **conditions** using VRL. Conditions are just expressions that resolve to a Boolean
value. The `route` transform listens for events and evaluates each routing condition. If the
condition evaluates to `true` for that event, then the event gets sent to that route; if not, then
Vector tries the next route.

The `high_value_logs` route catches only *some* logs that satisfy specific conditions. The `all_logs`
route, however, catches all logs, as the condition is always literally `true`.

Run `make restart-aggregator`{{execute interrupt}} so that the Aggregator registers this config
change.

Let's have a look at the events going through our `all_logs` route:

`vector tap "route_logs.all_logs"`{{execute}}

And now let's see the events in our `high_value_logs` route:

`vector tap "route_logs.high_value_logs"`{{execute}}

**Success**! We've now split all of our logs into two separate streams... almost like configuring
two separate sources.

[route]: https://vector.dev/docs/reference/configuration/transforms/route